The first time I stole so that I wouldn't starve, yes. I lost many assumptions about the simple nature of right and wrong. And when I traveled I learned the fear before a crime and the thrill of success. But I never became one of them.

If you can tell me the Russian for "apply your own bloody suntan lotion."

The city needs Bruce Wayne, your resources, your knowledge. It doesn't need your body or your life. That time is past.

Accomplice? I'm gonna tell them the whole thing was your idea.

Now choice is yours: exile or death?

Bruce Wayne, eccentric billionaire.

You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.

Maybe someday, when Gotham no longer needs Batman I'll see him again.

Carbon fiber, .28 caliber, made in China. If you wanna kill a public servant, Mr Maroni... I recommend you buy American.

I got another another job. Your.

Very well. Death! By exile.

I seek the means to fight injustice. To turn fear against those who prey on the fearful.

I seek the means to fight injustice. To turn fear against those who prey on the fearful.

I had a vision of a world without Batman. The Mob ground out a little profit and the police tried to shut them down one block at a time. And it was so boring. I've had a change of heart. I don't want Mr Reese spoiling everything but why should I have all the fun? Let's give someone else a chance. If Coleman Reese isn't dead in 60 minutes then I blow up a hospital.

When their enemies were at the gates the Romans would suspend democracy and appoint one man to protect the city. It wasn't considered an honor, it was a public service.

Never underestimate Gotham City. People get mugged coming home from work every day of the week. Sometimes things just go bad.

I can't do that as Bruce Wayne... as a man. I'm flesh and blood. I can be ignored, destroyed. But as a symbol, I can be incorruptible, I can be everlasting.

Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.

Just know that there are those of us who care about what you do with your future.

But no ordinary child, a child born in hell, forged from suffering, hardened by pain. Not a man from privilege.

I think you and your friend have found the last game in town. where it hurts, their wallets. It's bold. You gonna count me in?

I'm Batman

It doesn't matter who we are. What matters is our plan.

When a forest grows too wild, a purging fire is inevitable and natural. Tomorrow the world will watch in horror as its greatest city destroys itself. The movement back to harmony will be unstoppable this time.

I just want my phone call.

There is a prison in a more ancient part of the world. A pit where men are thrown to suffer and die. But sometimes a man rises from the darkness. Sometimes, the pit sends something back.

Bats frighten me. It's time my enemies shared my dread.